Underneath these stairs I hear the sneers and feel the glares of my cousin my uncle and my aunt
Can't believe how cruel they are and it stings my lightning scar to know that they'll never ever give me what I want
I know I don't deserve these stupid rules made by the Dursleys here on Privet drive.
I can't take all of these muggles, but despite all of my struggles, I'm still alive.
I'm sick of summer and this waiting around.
Man, it's September, and I'm skipping this town
Hey it's no mystery, there's nothing here for me now
I gotta get back to Hogwarts,
I gotta get back to school.
Gotta get myself to Hogwarts,
where everybody knows I'm cool.
Back to witches and wizards, and magical beasts,
to goblins and ghosts and to magical feasts.
It's all that I love, and it's all that I need.
At HOGWARTS, HOGWARTS, I think I'm going back
I'll see my friends, gonna laugh 'til we cry
take my Firebolt, gonna take to the sky
NO WAY this year anyone's gonna die, and it's gonna be totally awesome
I'll cast some spells, with a flick of my wand
defeat the dark arts, yeah bring it on!
and do it all with my best friend Ron, 'cuz together we're totally awesome
yeah, and it's gonna be totally awesome!
Did somebody say Ron Weasley?
what's up, buddy?
so it took me so long to get here. I had to get some...
Flewpowder, but we gotta get going, come on, get your trunk, let's go!
Where are we going?
To Diagon Alley, of course!
Cool!
Come on!
Flewpowderpower! Flewpowderpower! Flewpowderpower! Flewpowderpower!
It's been so long, but we're going back
don't go for work, don't go there for class
As long as were together -
- gonna kick some ass and it's gonna be totally awesome!
This year we'll take everybody by storm,
stay up all night, sneak out of our dorm
But let's not forget that we need to perform well in class
if we want to pass our OWLS!
God, Hermoine, why do you have to be such a buzzkill?
Because, guys, scool's not all about having fun.
We need to study hard if we wanna be good witches and wizards!
I may be frumpy, but I'm super smart
check out my grades, they're "A's" for a start
what I lack in looks well I make up in heart,
and well guys, yeah, that's totally awesome
this year I plan to study a lot
that would be cool if you were actually hot
hey Ron, come on, we're the only friends that she's got!
and that's cool
and that's totally awesome
yeah it's so cool, and it's totally awesome!
we're sick of summer and this waiting around
it's like we're sitting in the lost and found
don't take no sorcery
for anyone to see how
we gotta get back to hogwarts
we gotta get back to school
we gotta get back to hogwarts
where everything is magic-cooooool
back to witches and wizards, and magical beasts
to goblins and ghosts and to magical feasts
it's all that I love, and it's all that I need at
HOGWARTS, HOGWARTS
I think we're going back
﻿
Roooon!
You're supposed to take me to Madam Malkins, and you used all those sickles mum gave you for my robe fittings!
Who's this?
This is my stupid little dump sister Ginny,
she's a freshman,
Ginny, this is Harry. Harry Potter, He's Harry Potter.
Oh, you're Harry Potter! you're the boy who lived!
Yeah, and you're Ginny.
It's Ginevra.
Cool. Ginny is fine.
Stupid sister
don't bother famous friend!
Do you guy's hear music or something?
Music? What are you talking about?
Yeah, someone's coming. Someone's coming.
Cho Chang
Domo arigato
Gung Hey Fat Choy, Chang
Cho Chang
Happy Happy New Year, Cho Chang
Oh! Who's that?
That's Cho Chang.
That's the girl Harry's totally been in love with since freshman year.
Yeah, but he won't say anything to her.
Yeah, you never tell a girl you like her, it makes you look like an idiot.
Conichiwa, Cho Chang.
It is good to meet you.
I am Ginny Weasley.
Bitch, I ain't Cho chang!
That's Lavender Brown!
Hey, hey it's alright. I'm Cho chang ya'll!
She's totally perfect!
Yeah, too bad she's dating Cedric Diggory though, ah?
Who the hell is Cedric Diggory?
What's that? Who is that guy?
Oh, Cho Chang!
I am so in love with Cho Chang.
from Bangkok to DingDang
I sing my love aloud for Cho Chang!
I hate that guy! I hate him!
So are we gonna get these robes or not?
Okay, alright let's GO!
God, sister!
Present your arm, nerd!
What, what, what...?
Indian Burn hex!
Oh, Crabbe and Goyle.
Are you okay?
Why don't you leave Neville Longbottom alone, ha?
Well well well if it isn't Harry Potter.
You think all because you're famous you can boss everyone around.
No, I just don't think it's cool for guys of your size picking on guys like Neville, come on!
Oh well you know what I think?
I think glasses are for nerds!
We hate nerds!
And girls!
Wow! Well you asked for it!
You don't mess with Harry Potter,
he beat the dark Lord when he was a baby!
All right, everyone just calm down.
Occulus reparo!
Wow, cool!
Now let's leave these big babychildish jerks alone.
Did someone say Draco Malfoy?
What do you want, Draco?
Crabbe, Golyle,
be a pal ...[???]... and pay for my robes, will you?
So Potter!
Back for another year at Hogwarts, are you?
Maybe this year you'll wise up and hang out with the higher...[???]... wizard.
Listen,
Ron and Hermine are my best friends in the whole world,
I wouldn't trade them for anything.
Have it your way.
Wait!
Don't tell me!
Red hair,
hand me down clothes and a stupid complexion.
You must be a Weasley!
Oh my god, lay off, Malfoy!
She may be a pain in the ass, okay?
But she's my pain in the ass.
Well, isn't this cute?
It's like...[???]... loose a family.
Hogwarts is really going to the dogs.
Luckily next year I'll be transfered to Pigfarts.
this year you bet I'm gonna get outta here
the reign of Malfoy is drawing near
I'll have the greatest wizard career,
and it's gonna be totally awesome
Look out world, for the dawn of the day
When everyone will do whatever I say
And that Potter won't be in my way,
and then I'll be the one who is totally awesome!
Yeah you'll be the one who is totally awesome.
Guys, come on! We're gonna miss the train!
Who knows how fast this year's gonna go?
Hand me a glass, let the butterbeer flow
Maybe at last, I'm gonna talk to Cho
Oh no, that be WAY too awesome
We're back to learn everything that we can
It's great to come back to where we began
And here we are, and alakazam!
here we go, this is totally awesome!
Come on and teach us everything you know
The summer's over and were itchin to go
I think we're ready for
Albus Dumbledore!
Oooooo
Aaaaaah
Welcome,
all of you to Hogwarts
I welcome all of you to school
Did you know that here at Hogwarts
We've got a hidden swimming pool?
Welcome, welcome, welcome Hogwarts
Welcome hotties, nerds, and tools
Now that I've got you here at Hogwarts
I'd like to go over just a couple of rules:
My name is Albus Dumbledore and I am headmaster of Hogwarts.
You could all call me Dumbledore.
Of course you could also call me Albus if you want a detention.
I'm just kidding. I'll expell you if you call me Albus!
back to witches and wizards, and magical beasts
to goblins and ghosts and to magical feasts
it's all that I love, and it's all that I need.
at HOGWARTS, HOGWARTS
Back to spells and enchantments, potions and friends
To Gryffindors!
Hufflepuffs!
Ravenclaws!
Slytherins!
Back to the place where our story begins
It's Hogwarts, Hogwarts!
I'm sorry, what's it's name?
Hogwarts, Hogwarts!
I didn't hear you kids!
Hogwarts, Hogwarts!
Man, I'm glad I'm back.
﻿
Welcome to another magical year at Hogwarts.
And a very special welcome to my favourite student:
Mr. Harry Potter.
He killed Voldemort when he was just a baby.
He's even got that little lightning scar there to prove it.
And another very special welcome to our newest addition to Gryffindor:
Mr. Ginny...
Excuse me! Mrs. Ginny Weasley.
Yeah, I'm a girl, and ahm...
I don't know... aren't we supposed to be sorted by the sorting hat?
Well ahm...
a funny thing happened to the sorting hat.
he actually got hitched with another piece of enchanted magical clothing.
So he and the scarf of sexual preference aren't going to be back until next year.
Basically I've just been putting anyone who looks like a good guy into Gryffindor,
anybody who looks like a bad guy into Slytherin,
and the other two can just go where ever the hell they want,
I don't even care.
Hufflepuffs are particularly good finders.
What the hell is a Hufflepuff?
Anyway,
it's time now for me, to introduce my very good friend,
our own potionsprofessor:
Mr. Severus Snape.
O man!
Not Snape! I hoped, they had fired that guy.
Oh, Nothing. He's just uuuh EVIL!
What's wrong with professor snape?
Come on, Ron, he's really not that bad...
Harry Potter!
Detention!
For what?
For talking out of term!
Now before we beginn...
I'm going to give you all your very very first pop quiz.
Can anyone tell me what a Portkey is?
Ah yes, Mrs. Granger!
A Portkey is an enchanted object that when touched will transport the one or ones who touched it,
to anywhere in the world decided upon by the enchanter.
Very good!
Now can anyone tell me what foreshadowing is?
Ah yes, Mrs. Granger!
Foreshadowing is a dramatic device, in wich an important plotpoint is mentioned early in the story
to return later in a most difficult way.
Perfect.
What's a portkey again ? I missed some of that.
Oh, a Portkey is something that when you touch it, that would transport you...
And remember a Portkey can be a sort of seemly harmless object.
Like...a football...
or... a Dolphin...
Professor?
Can like a person be a Portkey?
No that's absurd!
Cause then when a person were to touch themselves...
...they would constantly be transported into different places.
A person can however be a horcrux.
What's a... what's a horcrux?
I'm not even going to tell you, Harry. You'll find out soon enough.
Professor, what's the point of this quiz?
Oh no no. No point in particular.
Just important information that everyone should know.
Especially you!
Now, moving right along. There are four houses in all.
Gryffindor,
Ravenclaw,
Hufflepuff...
FIND!
...what?!?
And Slytherin.
Traditionell...
Traditionally points are given for good behavior and adducted for rule-breaking.
Example: Ten points from Gryffinfor!
What?!?
For Miss Grangers excessive baby fat.
Thanks Hermione.
Traditionally the house with the most points at the end of the year would win the house cup.
However, this year we doing things a bit different.
Here to introduce you is our new professor of the dark arts:
Professor Quirrel!
Harry, what's wrong?
The house cup...
...a time honored tradition.
For centuries...
Go home, terrorist!
For centuries, the four houses of Hogwarts have competed for the honor and glory of holding the tile of house champion.
But where does this competition come from and what are the - roots of the tradition?
The house cup tournament began with the first generation of Hogwarts students.
That was a rhetorical question!
Granger, quit interrupting!
20 points from Gryffindor!
Thanks, Hermione.
As I was saying: when the tournament first originated, it was one of a completely different sort.
One champion from each of the four houses would complete a series of dangerous tasks.
Challenges, the winner would not only win the cup - he would also win the eternal glory.
Kinda like a house cup - ar no... like a triwizard tournament.
Yes... sort of like the triwizard tournament.
Except - no, not like that at all!
There are four houses. How can it be the TRIwizard tournament with FOUR teams?
Well, ah... professor, if I remember correctly, the house cup tournament was dispended after one semester...
...when one of it's students was killed during the first task.
Yes, it is very dangerous. But the rewards far outweigh the risks.
I - I don't think you heard me. I just said somebody died!
Hermine Granger, shut your unguardedly lopsided mouth and quit interrupting!
20 more Points!
Thanks, Hermine.
Come on! For the cleverest witch of your age, you really can't be a dumb ass somehow.
10 Points to Dumbledore!
Yes, yes - well, it will be very dangerous, but the winner will be remembered as a hero for ages to come.
And as the professor of defence against the dark arts, I believe that this - practical application is exactly what the curriculum needs to...
Achoo!
Gesundheit.
Did your turban just sneeze?
W...What? - No!
I could have sworn I heard a sneeze coming from your direction, but your mouth wasn't moving.
No,...that - that was simply a fart, excuse me.
Achoo!
Achoo!
I must be going.
Achoo!
I simply farted once more, excuse me!
With the new resurrected house cup, a champion from each house will be selected to compete.
So Snape: would you do us the honors, please?
Yes, headmaster.
First, from the Ravenclaw house:
Mrs Cho Chang!
Oh my god, I won! Who can it believe - I can't.
And next from Hufflepuff:
Mr. Cedric Diggory!
Well, I don't FIND this surprising at all.
I find it perfect. Now I can spend more time with my beloved boyfriend.
I'm glad as well, my darling!
And next, from the Slytherin house:
Draco Malfoy!
I finally beat you, didn't I, Potter?
What you think of that, ha? I'm the champion this time!
Draco would you sit down ya little shit! 'Champion' is just a title!
And finally from the Gryffindor house:
... oh my!
Isn't this curious?
The one person in all of Hogwarts whom I have grown a grudge against,
is suddenly in a tournament, where he may very well lose his life.
It...It's me! Apologies to my fellow Gryffindors right now, for I...
Sit down, you inarticulated bump!
It's Harry Potter!
That's really all, folks. The four Hogwarts champions: I want all of you to start preparing immediately, because the first task is in two month.
And it could be anything...
So let's get to it! Ha ha!
Cho Chang! Cho Chang! Cho Chang! Draco Malf... Drac... hey...!
﻿
Harry, you've got this tournament in the bag.
I don't know man, this Cedric Diggory is pretty awesome
NOT!!!
He sucks!
I'm totally gonna win! It's in the bag!
I don't know Harry...
Oh my God! Hermione shut up!
Why do you have to rain on everybody's parade?
Because, RON, this is dangerous!
Dangerous? Oh come on, Hermione, how dangerous can it be, especially for me?
Wha... You're not invincible, Harry! Somebody died in this tournament!
Oh! I'm the boy that lived, not died!
What's the worst that can happen?
And...and I don't know about that Quirrel-character.
You know, first he resurrects some horrible ancient tournament,
then when he bumps into you your scar starts to burn,
and you have to admit, there's something really funky about the back of his head!
Come on, think about it: Professor Quirrel is a Professor and who hires the Professors?
Dumbledore!
He`s the smartest, awsomest..practical wizard...
Beautiful!
...beautiful wizard in the whole world,
why... Why would he possibly hire somebody that's trying to hurt me?
Wha...wha... I mean, what about Snape?
Yeah, what about him?
He's hated you for years!
And he's hated your parents, too, Harry, everybody knows that!
And he... he just so happens to pick your name out of the house cup
out of  HUNDREDS, if not FIVE possible Gryffindors...?
What a coincidence, who would doubt?
No, Harry, I don't think it is a coincidence!
When you defeated Voldemort you made a lot of enemies.
Once you might not even know about that.
Alright Hermione, you're distressed, you're saying that this tournament is just one big plot to trying kill me?
I don't know... ah...MAYBE!
Anyway I just think it's dangerous, and I don't think you should do it!
Alright Hermione, if it means that much to you...
...I'll drop out.
Oh, thank you Harry!
Wait, wait, what?!?
The house cup? What about all the eternal glory you'd win? Come on!
Hey! Eternal glory?
Already got that.
Besides, Neville would be a great Champion.
No! No! No! I do not want schlong bottom to be my champion!
Okay, all you have to do...
Oh, look there's Dumbledore! Why don't you just talk to him now and tell him that your dropping out?
Ah... Lis... Listen, Hermoine,
Dumbledore and I are really really cool, we are super tight,
I don't want him to think I'm being lazy or disrespectful.
So can you just tell... why don't you tell him? Just tell him I want to work on school or something.
Alright? Hey, you got this one, you're the best!
Alright.
Don't worry about it.
Dumbledore?
Yes, Granger?
I need to talk to you for a moment. It's about the house cup tournament.
Ah, well first of all I think it's an awfull idea, but second of all I don't think that Harry Potter should compete.
Granger, why you always gottta be such an old stick into my butt?
A great! Tell me why Harry Potter should not compete.
Ah, because he... wants to study!
Granger, nobody studies at Hogwarts except for you!
Ah... okay, well... he wants to focus on the OWLs.
Why couldn't Harry have told me this himself? He thinks I'm cool.
We're tight!
Profess... I'm a really bad liar, okay... I think it's a ruse!
I- I'm set up, and I even think Snape might be trying to kill  Harry Potter!
Severus Snape is one of the kindest, bravest, gentliest, sexiest men I have ever met.
Severus Snape is triying to kill Harry Potter just about as much as he's trying to kill me!
Oh, hi Professor Dumbledore!
I happened to be in the kitchen and I made you this...
delicious Sandwich.
Why, thank you Severus! You see, Granger, how thoughtful!
Here you are, Professor.
Bomb apetit, I mean:
Bon apetit...
Ah... Is that sandwich ticking?
It looks like it's licking!
Finger licking good!
Professor,I don't think you should eat that sandwich!
Why, Granger. Listen a state more often, you might even get a sandwich out of that...
Granger, what the hell...
Granger, what are you doing?
It's all going exploding my sandwich!
I'm sorry, Sir!
Hey! Even if I did believe that Harry Potter was in danger he has to compete!
You see that cup?
Yes.
It's enchanted!
Whosoever's name comes out of the cup has to compete or the results would be bad.
What do you mean bad?
Well, try to imagine your entire life stopping instantaneously and every more you and your body exploding with the speed of light.
Total-protonic-reversall! [Ghost Busters reference]
Yeah! So you see he has to compete, then...
Hermine, if it makes you feel any better, the last guy that died in the tournament was a Hufflepuff
so ahm...
I'll keep my eyes open and nothing's gonna get past old Dumbledore.
Alright.
Now I gotta go make myself another sandwich.
Although I don't know how it's gonna be as good as the last one.
The last one ticked!
Because it was a bomb...!?!
Harry, I'm so sorry but...
I think you gonna have to compete in the house cup tournament.
But don't worry, I won't rest until I find out what the first task is gonna be.
And I'll sabotage all the other Champions, so you'll win by default.
Alright. Awesome!
Well, Isn't this touching!
Oh my god, just butt out, Malfoy!
Father and I have a bet, you know?
He says you won't last five minutes in this tournament.
I disagree.
I say you won't last five minutes at Pigfarts!
What? Alright, Malfoy, what... what is Pigfarts?
Oh, never heard of it?
Ha! Figures, famous Potter doesn't even know about Pigfarts!
Malfoy, don't act if you don't wanna talk about it. That's like the ninth time you mentioned Pigfarts! What is Pigfarts?
Pigfarts is only the greatest wizardringschool in the Galaxy.
That's why I'm being transfered next year.
Malfoy, I've never heard of that.
That's because Pigfarts...
... is on MARS!
Alright. Malfoy, you know we're trying to have a conversation here so you just leave us alone.
Oh no! I'm not even here!
Anyway, I think we can find aut, what the first task's, when Dumbledore...
DUMBLEDORE???
What an old coot! He's nothing like Rumbleroar!
RUMBLEROAR!!!
Anyway, I was saying...
Rumbleroar is the headmaster of Pigfarts!
He's a lion who can talk.
Malfoy,if you don't mind...we're trying to have a conversation here it's not like... you're not even eating, get out of here!
I can't help it if we can hear everything you say, we're the only ones in here.
Just... Malfoy just get out of here. Please?
Where are we supposed to go???
ah, I don't know..., ah... Pigfarts!
Haha! Now you're just being cute!
I can't GO to Pigfarts!
It's ON MARS!
You need a rocket ship! Do you have a rocket ship, Potter?
If you do: You know not all of us  inherited enough money to buy out the NASA when our parents died.
Look at this!
Look at this... it's rocket ship Potter!
Oh! Starkid Potter,
Moon shoes-Potter!
Traversing the galaxy for intergalactic travels to Pigfarts!
Alright, that´s it.
That's the most misguided way to try to make me feel jealous!
I don't care if you make fun of me,...
...but dragging my parents into this it's a whole other story!
Woah, not so fast, Potter! Crabbe! Goyle!
Oh shit, just...
Back off, nerd!
I'm scared, I'm scared!!!
Not so tough now, are you Potter?
Maybe you should hang out with someone better...
then that lolly gaging ginger and his stupid mud-blood girlfriend!
Oh! That is it, Malfoy! Jelly-legs-jinx!
Oh come on!
Hey, it's not fair,our legs are jelly!
Take it back, Malfoy!
Take what back?
Take back what you said about your stupid made-up space-school!
Yeah and all that stuff about Hermione being my girlfriend. That's not even a little bit true.
And say you're sorry for calling me a you-know-what!
I'm sorry!
And you promise you'll never do it again?
I promise!
Right!
Now, next time we tell you to leave us alone, you better do it!
Come on Harry, Ron, let's get out of here!
Besides, you already ate all my lunch!
Oh! Thanks, Hermione.
Yeah.Unjellify!
That was the most bad-ass-thing I've ever seen.
Too bad no one was here to see it. It was like an outburst of aggression.
Wow! That sucked, royal Hippogriff!
We got beat by a girl. Who is a nerd!
I didn't mean what I said, you know?
Pigfarts is real!
Am I... am I bleeding?
Goyle?
No!
I thought maybe....
maybe it was a little bit...
Woah! Never been pushed down like that by a girl!
Maybe I shouldn't call her a mud...
Whatever!
I can't believe I couldn't figure out the counter curse was just unjellify!
Right.
I'm not surprised.
Come on, let's go watch 'Wizard's of waverly place".
﻿
Fools! They're all fools.
They think they're safe.
They think they're back for another fun year of learning shenanigans at Hogwarts.
Little do they know the danger that's lurking right under their noses.
Or should I say: on the back of their heads?
Oh, I can't breathe in that damn turban!
I'm sorry my Lord. It's a necessary precaution.
For if they knew that you lived...
And when Harry Potter destroyed you, your soul lived on...
Yes, that when my body was destroyed, I was forced to live in the forbidden forest.
Eating bugs and mushrooms and, ugh!
Unicornblood
Until I found you and let you attach yourself to my soul.
Yes. Nobody must know any of that.
Now, Quirrel... get me some water!
Now Quirrel...
Pour it in my mouth!
Your plan to infiltrate Hogwarts on the back of my head is going swimmingly, my liege!
Yes, yes, yes! I'm done with the water!
We must not have any more foul-up's like tonight in the great hall.
I'm sorry, my lord. You sneezed.
I know that!
Get me some snazenex, you swine.
Wash that turban!
Tickles my nose.
Yes, my dark king.
Okay, just... relax with the dark king. Okay?
I watch you wipe your butt daily.
You can call me Voldemort, we're there.
We've reached that point.
Yes... yes. Yes, my... Voldemort.
Now Quirrel:
Get us ready for bed!
We must be well rested, if we wish to kill Potter.
Tonight in the great hall - he was so close. I could have touched him!
Revenge is at my fingertips, Quirrel.
I can taste it!
It tastes like...
Coolmints!
Bedtime is to ring, Voldemort.
Yes, excellent.
Well, ah... good night, Quirrel.
Good night.
Okay, okay, I can't do this!
You gotta roll over. I can't sleep on my tummy.
I always sleep on my back. I have backtroubles, it's the only way I'm comfortable.
You roll over right now, or I'll...
eat your pillow!
You'll having a dream that you're eating a giant marshmallow...
but really you'll wake up, and your favorite goose feather pillow will be missing!
Fine, we'll compromise. We sleep on our side.
Okay, I guess I can do this.
Now, good night!
Good night, Quirrel.
Hey, Quirrel...
...how long have those robes been on that chair?
I think they're from last night. I just put them there for now.
Ah... you planing on putting them in a hamper? What's your plan for these?
I'm thinking I just leaving them there for now and maybe put them away in the morning, okay?
Ugh! ..No! No!
No, that's not okay! I can't go to sleep knowing that there are dirty clothes on that chair.
The chair is going to start to smell like dirty clothes!
Look, I promised I'll put them away in the morning.
You put them away RIGHT NOW!
I command you to get up and...
fold them at least!
Make it into a neat pile!
Look, if we're going to be in this situation for a while, we're going to have to learn to live with each other.
Now, I've been single for all of my life and I have some habits.
And sometime, I leave laundry around.
Well, I believe, that everything has it's place.
Muggles have their place.
Mudbloods have their place.
And so do your cloths!
Namely: a dresser!
Well, aren't we an odd couple?
You won't sleep on your tummy
You won't sleep on your back
We're quite a kooky couple you'll agree
We share some hands and fingers
And yet the feeling lingers
We're just about as different as anyone can be
You like plotting a garden and I like plotting to kill
You think that you should rule the world, I think books are a thrill
Sipping tea by the fires swell
Pushing people in is fun as well
I like folding all my ties
And you have no friends, hey that's a surprise
I guess its plain to see  when you look at you and me
We're different different as can be
You're a sissy, a twat, a girl!
I'm the darkest of lords!
I'm the brightest professor here
I've won several awards
My new world is about to unfold
You got beat by a two year
I'll kill him this time through and through
Or you might just give him another tattoo
You really must agree  when you look at you and me
we're different different as can-
I'll rise again and I'll rule the world
But you must help me renew
For when our plan succeeds
Prevails!
Part of that world goes to you
When I rule the world I'll plant flowers
When I rule the world I'll have snakes
And goblins, and werewolves, a fleet of dementors, and giants, and thestrals, and all my Death Eaters!
And Jane Austin novels
When I rule the world!!
Hahaha!
﻿
Harry, don't you think you should trying figure out what the first task is gonna be?
You could actually die if you're not ready.
What?!?
Come on!
I mean: Can't you just do it for me?
Can't you just prepair all my stuff for me? What are you doing right now?
I'm planning your potions-assay.
Oh, well do that first because that's due tomorrow.
But after that... after that can you prepare for the first task, please?
Yeah.
Thank you! You are the BEST!
You got it.  Thanks Hermoine.
Hey Ginny, come here! I wanna show you something, come here.
Hey, Harry Potter!
Listen, I wanna play this song that I'm working on. I met this girl I really really like.
I wanna let her know that she's really special.
So I just wanna know what you think.
Just for the purpose's of now because I'm still working on the lyrics. I'm putting your name where her name should be.
But I don't think it's really gonna work out, because... well, the music'll show.
You're tall and fun and pretty, you're really really skinny...
Ginny!?!
I'm the Micky to your Minnie, your the Tigger to my Winnie,...
Ginny!
I wanna take you to the city, gonna take you out to dinny, Ginny.
You're cuter then a guinea pig,
Wanna take you up to Winnipeg.
That's in Canada!
Ginny, Ginny, Ginny---
You know what? This isn't working. It sounds horrible with your name.
...[???]... But I don't know: How does it make you feel? Emotionally?
Wow!
Wowy! Harry Potter!
Don't you think it could...ah...I don't know...
... make a girl fall in love with me?
Oh, I think it already has...
Awesome! 'cause it's for Cho Chang!
Oh yeah...She, she's beautiful...
What, are you nuts?
Beautiful!?! More like Super-mega-foxy-awesome-hot!
She's the hottest girl I've ever met.
She's far more attractive,
far more appealing,
far more instinct than any girl that I know.
In my near group of...of friends.
She's far more interesting than any girl that I know!
Hi Neville!
Move, move, move, move, move, move, move...
Awesome.  Hey Harry, what's up?
So, I was just off stage hanging out with Hagird,
and I was... ah,I saw these delivery-wizards,
bringing giant cages into the dungeons, I don't know, what that's for...
Giant cages?
I bet whatever is in those cages has something to do with the first task!
Harry, we have to find out what it is!
Hey! Hey, guys!
Chill!
I'm busy!
No no no no no no no!
Guys, now listen: This could be a matter of life and death!
What does it matter, because it's after hours, okay?
So, we can't leave Gryffindor house, We'll probably get in trouble if we do.
and even if we do...
schlong bottom over there will probably tell on us.
Neville won't tell!
Oh, yes! I certainly will!
Damn. What are we gonna do?
It's simple guys: The cloak!
Of course!
The cloak!
Harry, what cloak?
Shut up!
...[???]...
...I got a... I got a present last year... oh, bye Neville!
I got a present last year. First year at Hogwarts. And, ah,...
That cloak...  It was left to me by my dad. My dad is dead, my father is dead.
I have a dead/ dad father... [pun]
[???]...my invisibility-cloak!
Oh wow!
Oh boy, wowy, Harry Potter!
You have an invisibility-cloak!
Oh! Oh! Oh! Do you know what I would do if I had an invisibility-cloak?
I would...ah... I would kick weiner dogs.
I would pretend to be a ghost, and I would scare ...[???]... people.
I'd use it to avoid ever having to face my reflexion in the mirror.
Well, actually I was gonna to say, that I would use it to fake my own death and watch people cry at the funeral.
Okay, anyway, let's get outta here before Neville comes back from the bathroom, let's get outta here.
Wow wow wow wow wow, where do you think you're going?
With you guys...?
No, no! No way! No kid sisters allowed, okay?
Besides, there's only enough room under this cloak for two people, so ah...
Come on, Hermione! Come on...
The way his hair falls in his eyes
makes me wonder if he'll
ever see through my disguise
and I'm under his spell
everything is falling and I don't know where to land
everyone knows who he is but they don't know who I am
Harry
Harry
Why can't you see
what you're doing to me?
I've seen you conquer certain death
and even when you're just standing there you take away my breath
and maybe someday you'll hear my song
and understand that all along
there's something more that I'm trying to say
when I say
Harry
Harry
Why can't you see
what you're doing to me?
what you're doing to me?
﻿
Master! Master!The shipments for the first task of the tournament have just arrived!
Yes, I know, Quirrel.
I hear everything that you hear.
Isn't it wonderful, master?
We've made sure, that Harry Potters Name was drawn from the cup and soon he will be ours.
Yeees!
It's really happening, isn't it, Quirrel?
You know, with the plan going so well, I feel like maybe we should celebrate.
What do you say, Quirrel?
How's about we go out?
I hear it's Karaoke-night down at the Hogshead.
I don't know.
I've all these papers to grade and I've been giving so much attention to this revenge plan that I'm really behind.
Ah, come on, Quirrel!
You've been working so hard all year! You deserve a night off!
But the papers!
Oh, just give them all B Minuses and be done with it!
Now, that's evil!
Ha, yeah thanks! I am the dark Lord!
Come on! Just a few drinks...
And we try to pick up some chicks.
I wouldn't know what to say. I'm no good at that.
Come on, it will be fun! You'll just move your lips and I'll do the talking.
Aaaaahm...
Quirrel!!!
Man!
Listen!
I may just be a parasite on the back of your head,
slithery devouring your soul,
every time you take a breath,
but I can see, that your're too good a guy, not to have a bit of fun once in a while!
You deserve this!
Well, if you put it that way, then...
Yeah! Let's just go wild tonight!
Haaaaa! That's the spirit, Quirrel!
Put on a fresh pair of wizard-shorts and grab your tunic!
Quirrel, we are gonna get you laid!
Seriously man, back, when I had a body...
Wuh!...I had mad game with the bitches!
Just ask Bellatrix Lestrange!
Wow ah... this cloak isn't as big as it used to be.
Shhh! Someone's coming!
Did you just hear something?
No. Only quiet.
Maybe...one...raindrop.
It's no matter.
Tell me, Goyle:
Who, do you think, is the ugliest girl in school?
Ah...?
Oh! Buckbeak! For sure.
Crabbe?
Ahh, Winky, the House elf!
Good one!
Yeah!
Do you know who I think the ugliest girl in school is?
That Hermoine Granger.
Do you know, what I'd give her on a scale of one to ten,
with one... one would be the ugliest and then ten is beauty?
I would give her:
an eight!
An eight point five!
Or a nine.
NOT, not over a nine point eight!
Because there's always room for improvement.
Not everyone's perfect, like me!
That's why I'm holding up for a ten!
Because I'm worth it! [Shampoo advertisement spoof]
Come on, let's go.
Wow, those ones are jerks!
Alright, forget them.
Now where did you say you saw those creates being delivered?
Well, I think they were being delivered to the auditorium, so they should be at the end of this hallway and to the left.
Look!
A goat?
A goat? Oh my god,
I've to fight a goat. I hope that I can do that morally...
And the goats have all been send for feeding-time, headmaster?
Feeding-time?
Dragons don't wanna be fed, they wanna hunt! [A famous movie about Dinosaurs]
Did he just say DRAGONS?
Did you just say: Did he just say DRAGONS?
I must have, because anybody else hiding in this room would have known to have shut up.
Potter!?!
Headmaster, do you really think it's wise to have children fight dragons?
No Snape, I don't think it's wise to do anything anymore.
Like, here I am alive and well today and I could very well be killed by you tomorrow.
Well, that's absurd!
Severus, let's go to bed.
Have you ever seen my room?
I've got some pretty kickin' Posters on my wall...
Well, I am rather tired.
 Oh man, to fight a dragon, this is bogus!
How can I fight a dragon? I'm just a little kid!
Well, maybe it won't be that bad, Harry.
Maybe, maybe you'll just have to fight like Mushu from Mulan.
I don't know, maybe like Puff the magic dragon or so...
Ron, this is serious, okay? Harry could die!
Now look there's still the time alright? If we just can figure out a plan.
Okay. well, we should quiet do that back in the common room. Where's... Wait, where's the invisibility cloak?
well, I threw it over on that magical walking chair over th... Oh, crap!
Oh! That's... That's gonna be an issue...
﻿
I thought walking home drunk was hard before...
We should have realized, that... that with both of us drinking into one belly we get twice as drunk !
Hey Quirrel!
QQQQQQUUUUUIIIIRRRRRRRRRREEEELLLL!
You remember the girl you were talking to?
Yeah.
I was talking to her sister on MY side...
Oh, so that's why she freaked out when we stood up!
She doesn't have even known that we were just one person!!!
You know I haven't had... I haven't had this much fun since the only headless Nicks d... Nicks  deathday party of '91.
I haven't had this much fun since ah...
yeah, well shit, I can't remember I ever had any such fun...
You never have fun... ever? Doing...doing anything?
Maybe that's why you're so evil...
Yeah, "MAYBE".
definitely due to the fact that muggles and mud-bloods make me sick to my stomach, but ah...
Yeah, I guess you could be right.... oh yes...That's kind of funny...
What is it, Voldemort?
Oh, it's just that I never... I never ever really ever... I never really ever ever... really ever...
... considered another reason for me being so evil, you know, 'cuz normally I just, ah...
...I just kill people that try to get me to open up, you know?
OOPS!
But it's... it's kind of nice to just, ah...
kind of nice to just talk.
Yeah...
You know, I have to admit,
I was kind of nervous, when you first demanded, that you attach yourself to my soul.
Yeah, I c... I could sense that...
Well, like now I think it's... it's kind of cool!
It's like having a really close roommate, or... or even...
Yeah, like a slave!
Like a... like a deatheater!
No man... It's like...
having a friend!
I've never had a friend before...
Well, looks like you've got one now!
Who would have thought that at the beginning of this year, we'd feel like that for each other!
I guess everything is different between us now, ah?
I guess it's plain to see,
when you look at you and me:
We're different,
different
as can be.
We simply guarantee,
when you look at you and me:
we're different, different as can be.
It's a comedy of sorts ,
when you're bound to Voldemort!
And I'm happy as a squirrell,
Long as I'm with Mr. Quirrell!
We'll lead 'em to the slaughter and we'll murder Harry Potter, we're different
different,
different, different as can...
﻿
The Hogwarts champions shall now enter the champions tend,
in preparation for the first task!
Oh, man I can't believe I've gotta skip lunch period for this stupid task.
Okay, Harry. Today is the day!
The day you fight the dragon.
Now, did you read those notes that I wrote for you on dragons?
No.
What? Why not?
Are you kidding me? They're so boring!
So you... you didn't read them? You didn't prepare at all? You're not prepared at all?
Well, no. But at least I have my wand...
...ahm...
I dropped my...
Here!
Hey! Cool! You're the best!
Harry, just... please don't die today!
I don't wanna see my best friend get eaten by a dragon!
Hey, relax, okay?
Save the tears for my funeral.
So, tell me more about this pigfarts!
I FIND it to be very interesting.
Well, while you're there you have to wear your space suit at all times,
'cause there's no atmosphere on mars,
so if a single docking bay door opens, you'll probably die.
Oh my. How dreadful!
Well, the good news is:
If you're a good enough student, Rumbleroar let's you ride around on his back.
And...And he is the headmaster lion?
Who can talk!
Cool!
Well, hello Harry. How are you feeling today?
Hi Cedric. Trying... to stay positive.
Oh, good. I', happy to FIND you this well.
Mrs. Granger?
Hello...
Sugar pie?
My darling?
Was that a kiss for good luck?
No, that was just for being so cotton-picking cute.
This one's for good luck!
I hate that guy!
It's okay, Harry. You gonna be great!
Oh! God! Granger, I thought you are a Boggart! And a terrifying one!
And what the hell are you doing in the champions tend? Get out of here! Ten more points!
Thanks Hermione!
Are you kids ready to fight a DRAGON???
Of course you are! You're just children! What the hell am I thinking?
Outside of this tend are thousands upon thousands of screaming fans! They'll either gonna be cheering for YOU - or the dragon!
But either way they're gonna make some kind of noise.
So, in order for the selection process to be fair,
I am going to RANDOMLY select a cardboard cut out size version of the dragon you'll be facing.
For you, Cedric:
Puff the magic dragon.
Figment - the imaginary dragon.
The reluctant dragon.
And for you, Potter:
The Hungarian Horntail! The most terrifying thing ever seen in your whole life!
Okay, there are no more complains, I...
Wait a second! Wait a second!
This is terrifying! Those are the cutest things I've ever seen...
This thing is horrifying!
Excuse your imagination.
My god, this competition is gonna suck! All these dragons are wimps!  Accio double stuffed.  [cream]
OH, MY GOD! A MONSTER! Is that yours?!
Yeah!
Oh my god! It's awesome. Let me hold it.
Oh my god, this thing is terrifying! I hope the real thing is smaller!
Grrrrr!
Roaches what are you gonna do?
I don't know I'm not cut out for this kinda...
Ron! Ron, you can't be in here! This is the champions tend...!
Mrs. Granger!
What the devil are you doing in the champions tend?
Ten points from Gryffindore!
Oh, thanks Hermione!
Good luck, buddy! Bye Snape!
Bye!
Cedric Diggory:
Now is your chance to face - your dragon.
All right, fellows. Wish me luck!
I believe in you!
That's all I needed to hear!
Hey Malfoy, tell you what:
I'll let you switch dragons with me. I'll give you the chance to switch dragons with me! I give you that opportunity.
Hmm, let me think about... no!
Come on! I'll - I'll give you my "Gushers".
Oh, no. No. I have a "fruit-by-the-foot".
Cho Chang, your dragon awaits!
Well, I can't IMAGINE if this would be very hard?
Then I IMAGINED it won't be!
Come on! Tell you what: I'll throw in my teddy bears with "Gushers" So you can make a littler Gusher-teddy bear sandwich.
All right, you throw in that pack of Bugles and you got yourself the deal.
Absolutely not!
Draco Malfoy...
Professor Snape, is there a way that I can kinda forfeit or switch dragons? Or maybe... What?!? What are you doing?
I'm protecting you, Potter!
Welsh Greenbacks can't STAND the taste of Hans tomato ketchup.
But I'm not fighting a Welsh Greenback. I'm fighting a Hungarian Horntail.
Oh, silly me!
Hans tomato ketchup is what Hungarian Horntails like best of all.
Good luck, Potter!
And now Harry Potter will battle the terrifying Hungarian Horntail, the most terrifving thing you've ever seen in your whole life.
It should be noted, that this particular dragon has not been fed in two weeks!
Come on, Harry! You can do it, Harry! Think positive!
Oh my god!
Accio Guitar!
Hey dragon
you don't gotta do this
Let's reevaluate our options
throw away our old presumptions
'cause really  you don't wanna go through this  
Im really not that special
the Boy Who Lived is only flesh and bone
the truth is in the end
I'm pretty useless without friends
In fact I'm alone
I spend my time at school
trying to be this cool guy
I never even asked for
I don't know any spells
Still manage to do well
But theres only so long that can last for
I'm living off the glory
of some stupid children's story
 that I had nothing to do with
I just sat there and got lucky
so level with me buddy
I can't defeat thee
so please don't eat me
And all I can do
is sing this song for you
Lalalalala
Rarararara
Lalalalala
Rarararara
Lalalalala
Rarararara
Lalalalala
You never asked to be a dragon
I never asked to be a champion
We both just jumped on the band wagon but all we need is guitar jamming
Lalalala... Rarararara...
Goodnight Dragon!
One! Two! Three! I've beaten the dragon!
﻿
Attention all Hogwarts students!
Tonight is our Annual Yuleball.
so please make ready to pick up your Yule-ball-wreath
and give it to that special someone.
Ah! Ginger!
Oh, hey Harry Potter...
Hi Ginny.
Fancy seeing you here, ah?
Ah, well, it's the cafeteria, so, yeah...
Ah...so, ah... the Yuleball is coming up...
Yeah, I know it is... very very soon, yeah...
Ahm... oh, were you thinking of going with anybody?
I was. I was actually just waiting for the right time to ask somebody. I think...
I think the time's about now, so if...
... if you have something to say, just... get it out, 'cuz...
Aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh
Oh, is this for me?
Oh Ginny, how did you know that I needed a  wreath, so I can ask Cho Chang? You're the best!
Oh, Harry Potter...!!!
Just... forget it!!!
Alright, I will!
Cool!
Hey! Hey, Cho Chang, listen... ahm:
 I know the Yuleball's coming up,  and I was wondering if, ah...
...maybe you wanted to go with me, BUT just in case you're kind of... on the fence about it,
you should know that I play guitar
and that I conquered the dragons heart with it,
so I think, I conquer yours.
You're tall and fun and pretty, you're really, really skinny
Cho Chang!
You're the Mickey to my Minnie I'm the Tigger to your Winnie,
Cho Chang!
You're cuter than a guinnie pig,
Wanna take you up to Winepeg
That's in Canada!
Oh, Cho Chang!
ChinaChinaChina - Cho Chang!
Whatever...
My oh, Harry Potter!
Bless your heart!
But...ah...I have to say no.
That young strapping boy Cedric Diggory already asked me and I just go with him.
Sorry...
Come on, girls! Let's go show the Moaning Myrtle our ball gaunts
and make fun whether she can't go!
Hey there, good buddy! How're you doing?
Okay...
Is that a yule-ball-wreath?
Yeah...
Who you gonna ask?
Well, I've asked Cho Chang, but she turned me down for Cedric Stupery!
Oh my god, they're going together? That's so great! I love him so! They are so a cute couple...
No! No!
...I hate him! I hate him so much!
Oh my god, he pisses me off...! Wow!
Oh man, that sucks, dude.
I don't know why she turned you down, you're like the coolest guy in school!
I know, I don't get it! I play guitar, I'm Harry Potter! I'm awesome!
You want some cheese-twigs?
Yeah.
I don't get it man. I mean I guess I will just go as stag, ah?
I'll probably go stag, too.
The only two girls that I know, that don't have dates already, are Ginny...
...and Hermione.
Oh my god!
I'm not going with my stupid sister!
And I think of Hermione as sister. So that's out!
We are in such a puzzle.
Hi, look at these strapping young men.
Hi, Neville.
Hey, Neville:
Want this Yule-ball-wreath?
Well, yeah, when you're willing to part than I will take this for you.
Hey, Ron: Let's go hang out with Hagrid.
He can teach us how to dance and we're getting our dress-ropes.
That can only lead to desaster and hilarious.
Let's go!
Give that plant, nerd!
Ahhh!
Oh, Goyle rules!
So anyway,
It was RELUCTANT enough at first... [The reluctant dragon]
....But I lured it out of it's cage with an upside down...[???]...
And I soed it with my "Fruit-by-the-foot" ...
and deheaded it with a quick slicing-charm. Bloody fool.
What?!? Goyle?
What are you doing with that wreath? Would you going to ask someone to the Yule-ball?
N...n..no!
Dancing's for nerds!
And pretty girls!
Right.
Do you know who the last girl I'd have asked to the Yule-ball would be?
That Hermione Granger.
Not even if we were the last two people on earth...
and she looked absolutely stunning in her ball-gaunts...
and ever time I looked at her, I got butterflies in my tummy...
Not even then.
Ugh!
They don't even have dances at Pigfarts.
All the noise would disturb Rumbleroars slumbering cubs.
Dancing is for Pansies.
Ey you there, what's your name?
Pansy.
Perfect!
You're going to the Yule-ball with me.
You see that dragon?
Well, it was reluctant enough at first, but I lured it out of it's cage...
Yule-ball-decorating-crew!
Does the Yule-ball-decoration-crew coming through?
Last minute decorations.
Hu-ha!
My Lord! The Yule-ball has finally arrived and I've brought the key.
Yes, I KNOW Quirrel. I HEAR everything you HEAR!
I'm sorry.
No, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have snapped.
I'm just nervous, that's all.
Nervous?
No.
Why?
I don't wanna talk about it.
Hey! It's just me.
You can tell me ANYTHING. You know that.
Yeah, yeah. You're right, you're right.
I'm just nervous because we've been planning this night for so long,
and... I want everything to go perfectly, you know?
Don't worry. We've mapped out everything.
We've anticipated every little problem and ...[???]... for it.
We've even prepared what you're going to say to Potter when you see him.
So just cool down.
Relax.
By the end of the night you'll have your revenge and your body back.
You're right, you're right, I'm being...silly.
But..uhm...
I..you know, I...
Quirrell, over the last year I....
I've really grown attached to you.
No pun intended.
Yeah, I know what you mean.
But hey! We'll still hang out.
Just because we won't be attached, doesn't mean we'll be two completely different people.
No pun intended.
No, no! Of course not! Of course not...
Hey, Quirrell. We should make plans.
Evil plans?
Oh,...ah...
No. Casual plans.
Like...ahm..
...you go rollerblading on Saturday, and then, ahm...
see a movie at night.
Yeah. It'll be great because we'll both be able to watch it for a change.
Yeah, yeah...
I bet it'll be nice to sleep in our own beds.
Not have someone behind you all the time...
And have the privacy of my old life back again...
The solitude...
Now,
whatever happens tonight, man, it's...
It's been a blast!
Yeah. One crazy year!
Yeah!
Hey!
Promise we'll go rollerblading and see that movie!
Oh, man. I promise!
Okay.
Qurrell: Let's go plant that key and split.
Pun intended!
Oh, hi Professor Quirrell.
What on earth are you doing in the great Daaancehaaall?
Just moments before the daaaance?
Just... decorating for the Yule-ball. Last minute decorations.
Just one final Touch.
A ladle?
A very special ladle for a very special night for a very special punch.
And what's so special about it?
Let's just say there's... squirt in it.
Squirt?!?
Is that not the favorite drink of one Harry Potter?
Is it? I had no idea!
Well, we better be going...
We?!?
I! I better be going. Loud music hurts my ears!
Okay, well, I'll see you later then.
Or maybe you won't!
Or maybe I will!
Excuse me.
No, excuse me. It was my fault.
Hey Severus!
Oh, ah Headmaster!
What are you doing here? You're getting some punch, are you?
Oh, no, no! There's Squirt in there!
Only Harry Potter likes that hog shit. I'll stick to my Red Bull. Thank you very much.
Well, good night, headmaster.
Serverus, I... I saved this last dance for you. [Oldie: Save the last dance for me]
Well, I would, headmaster, but you see:...
Well, an old friend is comig back into town tonight...
﻿
Hey Ron.
Hey,what's up there? How's it going?
Have you seen Hermione anywhere?
No I haven't.
Shit.
What?
Nothing, nothing.
It's just, you know...
I heard Parvati Patil telling Padme Patil,
she'd seen Hermione in the girls Locker room before,
crying her eyes out on the bathroom stall.
Why?
I don't know, is that not the saddest thing you ever heard?
I mean, I don't know, it's just...It was ...[???]... that one day Hermione would realize that no guy would ever like her.
You know, If it's  her [???] personality,
her ugly face,
her misshaped body...
you know, it's just... I don't know, I think that she'd getting at least one night of happiness,
before she realized she's gonna be going old alone, you know?
Hey, are you two over here talking about Granger?
Malfoy get out of here, it's none of your business. Why don't you go dancing with pansy or something.
Hey! Go get me some punch!
Okay.
Oh, I should tell you there's squirt in it.
Squirt?!?
Never mind, I'll STAY dehydrated!
Go powder your nose or something.
I just fixed my make up a little while ago.
Trust me: You need more powder!
She's a pain in the ass, right?
So anyway:
Those stranger's not 'round here?
Probably the better doing! No one would be able to keep their plummers and peach's down with that ugly mug of her's dancing about!
Why don't you just give her a break for once, okay Malfoy?
Why defending her, Weasley?
Have a crush?
No...
No, why all the insults, Malfoy? Covering up a crush?
Oh!  Right, right! Like I'd ever have a crush on that stupid...
Oh my GOSH!
She look's so beautiful, bless her heart!
Here I am face to face with a situation
I never thought I'd ever see.
strange how a dress can take a mess,
and make her nothing less than beautiful to me.
It seems like my eyes have been transfigured
something deep inside has changed
they've been open wide, but hold that trigger
this could mean. Danger.
I'm falling in love, falling in love, falling in love,
I could be falling in love, falling in love, falling in love
with Hermione Granger!
WHAT? What the hell is this?
YOU expect me to sing about her?
I don't care about her .
it's just a little make up
Draco, wake up!
I'm mistaken!
she -  is the hottest girl I've ever seen.
now -  because she's like a girl I've never seen.
don't know why -  I'd ever be so mean.
this could mean DANGER!
I'm falling in love, falling in love, falling in love,
I could be falling in love, falling in love, falling in love
With Hermione Granger!
I WANNA LET HER KNOW
I WANNA LET HER KNOW
I FEEL SO QUEEZY
BUT I CAN'T LET IT SHOW
BUT I CAN'T LET IT SHOW
SHE'D LAUGH, POOR WEASLY.
Come on,...Draco.
Come on, Ron.
You gotta let it go! You gotta let it go!
You gotta let it go! You gotta let it go!
Here I am face to face with a situation
WHAT? What the hell is this?
I never thought I'd ever see.
I want to sing about her sing about her.
Strange how a dress can take a mess,
I want to make up
and make her nothing less than beautiful to me.
Granger, wake up I've been mistaken.
It seems like my eyes have been transfigured
She - is the hottest girl I've ever seen.
something deep inside has changed
Now - 'CAUSE she's like a girl I've never seen.
they've been open wide, but hold that trigger
Don't know why -  I'd ever be so mean.
This could mean DANGER!
I'm falling in love, falling in love, falling in love,
I could be falling in love, falling in love, falling in love
With Hermione Granger!
With Hermione Granger!
With Hermione Granger!
Danger!
﻿
Oh my god, I can't believe it.
What?
I just can't... I can't believe she's dancing with ever guy but me, That is so...that's so stupid, that's so...
Why do you even care about it?
I don't! I don't care.
I don't care and that's what I'm gonna go up and tell her!
I'm gonna go and say: I don't care what you do!
And she's gonna feel so damn stupid.
She is gonna feel like such an idiot!
Listen Ron, you drank like a real jerk, maybe you should take it easy on the Butterbeer.
No! No.
Hey Guys!
Hey, Hermine! Hey, you look great! You look wonderful!
Thanks! Yeah, you know, I... I used to think looks weren't important and now I think they are more important than anything!
It's just, I'm having so much fun, dancing with everyone...
Wow, Hermione, when did you become so shallow, when?
What's wrong with you, Ron?
Nothing! Nothing's wrong with me!
Why don't you just go ask Longbottom to dance , ha? Go do it!
You know what? Maybe I will!
That sure hurts. Not so good...
Wait a second! Wait a hot second! I know what's going on here!
You've got a crush!
Alright. Ron, listen... listen to me now:
Cool advice: this may sound crazy, but girls don't really like it, when you're angry at them, much less when you shout at them.
Now maybe you should just go over there and tell her how much you care about her, okay?
Maybe she'd ask you to dance.
Wha...No, no! 'cuz then she'd know I liked her!
And you always said, that you don't tell a girl you liked her. 'Cuz it makes you look like an idiot.
 ...[???]....
It's something you have to do!
...[???]...
Okay? And what have you got to lose? Look at our robes!
If we dressed like this in the muggle world, we would get our ass's kicked!
You have nothing to lose, ABSOLUTELY nothing.
She probably wants to dance with you just as much as you wanna dance with her.
You just gotta...
You... you just gotta... give her... a chance!
You ...[???]...that you can see before.
You gotta go and maybe find something special, and...
...the whole time you just really hadn't the guts to ...
...say anything.
Harry, where are you going? I'm still mad and sad.
Hold on!
HP is going to take his own advice now.
Hey Ginny.
Oh... Hey, Harry.
Can I sit down?
Ah...yeah...sure...
Soooooooo...ah...
How is Hogwarts?
You know, it's okay.
Actually I was really excited to come here, but...
now that I'm here I'd... I just don't think I belong.
Oh yeah, I totally know, what you mean.
Ah, no. No.
For you're Harry Potter.
Yeah I know.  Like for eleven Years I was this dumb kid  they got the crap kicked out of me under a staircase, now it's like: you're a wizard!
You have all these powers!  And everything's on cool all the sudden.
It's weird, it's kind of isolating! Ahm, ahm...
No, I'm sorry, now I'm complaining about being famous, I'm sorry.
No, I understand. It's...it's...
like when you first got here and nobody wanted to get to know you because they thought that they knew you already, but...
eventually you'll find people that'll want to get to know you for the real you!
Now Ginny, I feel like I already have found these people and I won't take it for grant. So tell you what: Come on!
Do you wanna dance?  It's the whole point of the evening.
I gotta warn you: I learned all my best dance moves from Hagrid, so...
I'm not that great.
Oh, I'm sure you'll be fine.
Wow! Harry Potter!
I don't care what anybody says. You're the best dancer that ever was!
I've a confession to make, Ginny. These shoes right here...
... are magical enchanted dancing shoes.
Oh wowy, Harry Potter!
I'm messing with you!
I'm just awesome at dancing.
Hey!
Outch!
AAAAHH!
Alright, I tell you, when you really danced with Neville it's when you crossed the line, okay?
Take this. Beat it! Get out of here!
Come here. COME HERE!
Ah!
I'M NOT BEING MEAN!
Ah! Why are you being so mean to me?
Ow! Yes, you are!
You know, every day everyone is trying to put me down, and on the one day I actually feel like a perfect you're trying to ruin it!
Oh shit...!
What is wrong with you, Ron?!? Come on...
Weasley!
The lady said NO!
Not - YOU - too!
You know what, I'm so sick of both of you! I HATE YOU BOTH!!
What did you say to her?
Nothing!
I'm bleeding!
I'm bleeding!
Look at this!
Look at this!
Ginny... Ginny, I'm feeling kind of dizzy.
Maybe we should stop spinning. It's from all this spinning, ha?
We have stopped spinning.
Wait! No! No, no, no, no!
I can't... I can't do this...you're...
You're Ginny Weasley, your're my best friend's little sister, you're Ron Weasleys sister! I c... I...I'm sorry, Ginny, I can't do it!
I'm sorry!
Hey Cho! Hey, hey, come on, dance with me! I'm Harry Potter, let's go!
Excuse me, I believe I was dancing with the lady!
Yeah and I'm...cutting in!
Well, I FIND that to be very rude!
Alright, Cedric, why don't we FIND out, what the lady has to say about it?
Oh boys, this is no need to fight a little on me!
But by the ways: Cedric thinks you cheated on the dragon's task...
CHEATED? Are you kidding me? That thing was trying to eat me! I was in it's mouth!
Exactly! But what aren't in there? I'd like to FIND out!
Alright, that is it Diggory, we're dueling, let's go!
Oh, Godderics Hollow. All this excitement is making me thirsty !
Oh, Cho! I'll get you something to drink! I'll get you some punch!
No! I'll get the punch!
No, I'll get the punch!
Fine! Have the punch! [Pun: punch = Drink / punch = boxing move]
You did it!
Cedric Diggory, I'm gonna kill you!!!
﻿
Where are we?
I don't know, Cedric. Someone punched me in the face and my sense of direction got a little goofed up!
Well, it seems clear to me now, that that punch-ladle was a port-key.
And now - thanks to you! - we've both been transported to some mystery location!
Brilliant Cedric! Well, you're a Hufflepuff, so why don't you FIND a way out of this place, okay?
Harry I think I FOUND something!
It appears to be a headstone.
We must be in some sort of graveyard.
Tom Riddle, Mary Riddle, Thoms Riddle...
"Riddle me this", ey Potter? [That's a Pop/Rock Band]
Cedric, I don't know about this place, I think we gotta get out of here!
Harry, you're a Gryffindor. Where's your sense of adventure?
God! Cedric, you're so annoying, okay?
You're like this guy, that's just around all the time, when I don't need a guy around!
You're this spare guy all the time! The spare dude! You're such a spare!
Kill the spare! Avada Kedavra!
There are so many regrets... I'm dead!
Oh, my wizard-god!
Not so fast! Petrificus totalus!
Professor Quirrell, you just killed Cedric!
Not I, Potter. But perhaps you'd like to see who did.
He's dying to see you!
Harry Potter, the Boy Who Lived!
It's good to see you again!
The cauldron is ready, my Loooooord!
Cauldron? What are you gonna do, eat me? That's nuts!
As delicious seditious I think you would make, Potter,...
... I'd need a stomach of my own to digest you.
But I haven't got one of those...
yet!
Detention, Potter!
Detention?!? God, this guy is almost being as big an asshole as snape is!
Worked!
When I was a boy
An orphan boy
I'd love to move my feet
I'd hear a tune
and start to swoon
My life would seem complete
The other boys would laugh and jeer
But I'd catch 'em tappin' their toes
And when I'd start to sway [could mean rocking or reign *g*]
they'd get carried away.
And oh, how the feeling grows!
I'd take my foot
My little foot
And with that foot
Oh, how I'd start to shake
I'd take two feet
Two tiny feet
Hey look! That's neat!
It's coming true
Oh boy, I get to dance again! Wahoo!
To dance again
I've been waiting all these years
To dance again
Now, at once, a chance appears
to hear the beat, so on your feet
It's time to dance again!
C'mon Potter! Imperio!
You take your foot
Your little foot
Hey look! Your foot!
See how it starts to shake
Ooh try his arms!
How bout a twirl!
He's like a girl!
How overdue!
I get to finally dance again with you!
To dance again!
I've (you've) been waiting all these years
To dance again
Now at once a chance appears
It's lovely swaying, and the music's playing
So come on! Let's dance again!
Everybody!
I take my foot!
(You take your foot)
My little foot!
(Take that little foot!)
And oh my foot!
(Let me hear it now!)
Look how it starts to shake
Oh, Voldy's back
(Hello world!)
For the attack
(I'm gonna getcha!)
He'll take over the world, it's true
But first there's something he's gotta do
He'll dance again!
I'll dance again!
He's been waiting all these years
I've been waiting all these years
To dance again
Now at once a chance appears
Everybody make way for a pas de bourre (dance-move)
It's time to dance
It's time to dance
Its time to dance again!
﻿
Yes! Ahm...
My dark Lord!
You look fabulous!
Belatrix Lestrange...
Oh, my Liege. Now it's going to be like the old days when we did nothing but torture,...
murder,...
and make love!
The old days are back, baby!
I can't tell you what it was like without you!
Well, I'm never going again!
'Cause I've conquered death!
And my first pleasure will be to KILL Harry Potter!
Then next: to take over the ministry of magic,...
and rule the World - FOR ALL TIME!
And you will, my lord!
But not yet!
For now, we must stick to the plan.
We blame Potter's murder on Quirrell.
So that your return may remain a secret.
The deatheaters aren't prepared to take on the entire ministry of magic.
Much less Dumbledore and the order of the phoenix.
I'm sorry!
What was that about me going to Azkaban for Potter's murder?
Oh ho! You show refer to him as my lord, my Liege or my dark lord!
Oh no, no, no.... Bellatrix - it's cool!
Quirell is cool! Quirell is cool! He is...
Over the last year, he has proven himself to be a very good fr...
A very good servant to the will of the dark lord.
Oh, I see so - so your time is [???] and I'm your "Sally Hemings", is that right? [She was a slave to Thomas Jefferson]
No!
No Quirrell, that - ah...
That came out wrong. It's not like that.
Isn't it?
Oh, silence slave! Crucio!
Oh no, no, no!
What's the matter?
He's your pawn. You are his queen.
It is an honor to serve the dark lord. NO MATTER WHAT'S THE TASK!
Are you alright?
Did you really know the whole time you...
blame Potter's murder on me?
Yyyes! Yes - ah...
...I knew.
Don't touch me!
But things have changed over the last year. I feel different for you now!
I can explain this. It's...
It's like that movie: "She's all that".
We watched that together. - Quirrell:
Remember how at the end Freddie Price Jr. turns out to be good.
No! I didn't see the end because you were watching it while you were on the back of my head, sucking my soul!
Well, I wish there was another way.
But I've got to take over the world!
Oh there is!
I let you know now that it's gonna be...
pretty hard to make that rollerblading date from Azkaban.
Deatheaters: take him away!
And now you have what you waited for for so long.
What?
Your chance to kill Harry Potter!
Yees!
Kill Potter!
Ava...woah! Where d'you go?
You won't kill me today Voldemort. But I tell you what:
I'll get you some punch!
Oh my Rowling! What happened, Harry Potter?
Harry, what the hell are you doing over here? You missed the raffle!
What happened to the graveyard? Uhm...!
It's - it's  Voldemort! It's Voldemort! He is back!
[See you in act 2]
﻿
Extra! Extra! Read all about it!
Harry Potter, the boy who beat Voldemort now says he's back?
Daily Prophet! Get your Daily Prophet here!
Harry Potter vs. Voldemort, round two!
Minister of magic Cornelius Fudge makes a statement!
I've heard these Voldemort-rumors and I for once simply don't believe it.
Voldemort talks about it on his new "Floo-Tube" channel!
I'm gonna find Harry Potter and I'm gonna [peep] to his [peep]!
Also there's a review on: 17 again. [A movie with Zac Efron]
Well, it a little slow at the beginning,  but hey...
Come on! Zac Efron,  Zefron, enough said.
I've seen these so called "Posts",
and I still don't believe it!
This is a ruse! You've all been hoodwinked!
Professor Quirrell confesses the murder of Hogwarts student Cedric Diggory!
Receives life in Azkaban!
Extra! Extra! Read all about it! Extra!...
This totally sucks, man!...
This is horrible!
Yeah, I know. I mean... Look at this it's... it's terrible.
Harry Potter vs. Voldemort, the fight of the century...
No, it's not THAT! It's Hermione.
It's just like...
I can't get her out of my head
and every time I look at her I have these pains in my chest
and I just know it's her fault, that bitch...!
I'm just not cut out for this, Harry. I'm not!
Yeah man, I know what you mean. It's like when you try to save the world and the whole world is just against you...
No! No! No! No! No!
This isn't about you!
Why does every conversation we have to have , have to turn into a Potter-talk?
It's not Potter-talk...
No! No, I'm miserable!
And all you can do, is talk about yourself!
You're like the most self observed guy I know!
If you where miserable, I'd be there for you, but you won't even listen to me, and I'm sick of it!
So...so...so good luck with whatever you were talking about,
And I hope that you and Voldemort live happily ever after.
ME, I'm never going to be happy again!
So I'm just gonna go curl up in my sock drawer and sleep for days!
Ron...
Were you just talking to Ron?
Yeah, Iwas trying to tell him about Voldemort...
Would he say anything about me?
Ah...Yeah,...he said - ah...
Was one of them an apology for how he treated me at the Yule-Ball?
Yeah, I heard about that. Listen, I was wondering, if you heard about little something
I remember: Voldemort is back,
Cedric Diggory is dead,
Professor Quirrell is crazy
and now I have to save the world! Did you hear that, Hermione?!?
Actually I have heard those things, Harry, about a thousand times.
But never have they been told to me with so much sets!
Love the attitude, Harry Potter.
You're acting like Garfield on a Monday! [James A. Garfield died on a Monday after  he was shot some time before]
Don't you think I have a right to be a little stressed out?!?
Wha... No! No, I don't!
You know what, this is just like with the dragon, okay?
I stressed out, I told you to prepare and jet you didn't do anything and you were fine!
You know, you just played a little guitar!
I mean, I don't know what you're crying about, Harry.
This is just like when you defeated Voldemort and you were a baby!
Hermione, come on...
You're the friend that's supposed to tell me to go to the library and trying figure that stuff out...
You know what, Harry?  I don't do that anymore!
What...?!?
Read it and weep, Potter!
I've heard Voldemort's back.
And he's trying to kill you, what do you think of that, MOON SHOES?
Malfoy, I unsucceded, I don't see why you're so happy about this.
If Voldemort is back- which he is -
you might so kiss Hogwarts goodbye.
You might so kiss the whole planet goodbye!
Kiss the planet goodbye?
Having second thoughts about Pigfarts, are you?
Malfoy, you're the last person I wanna talk to right now, okay?
You know what?
As soon as you're out of the way, I'll be the coolest kid in school!
Malfoy, that will never happen. Everybody hates you!
Alright, okay! This coming from Hermione "Stranger"!
She's right, Malfoy! She's cooler then you!
Yeah, even Moaning Myrtle is cooler then you!
Take this! Expelliarmus!
Be quiet! Be quiet!
Stop it!
What the devil is going on hereeeeee?
Draco Malfoy, pull those trousers up at once!
Professor, I just...
I don't want to hear it! I want to see you in my office!
NOW!
This is all your fault, Potter.
You'll pay for this! YOU'LL PAY...
Nice - you're the man!
That made me feel better!
Hey Ginny, what's... I hope you've something to say about Voldemort!
No...
(sigh) whatever...
No, I'm fine!
Ah.... Harry?
Yeah?
So...We kissed at the Yule-Ball,
and...well, I thought we were gonna be together forever.
But we're not.
Yeeaah... that, ah... that pretty much sums it up...
What's going on?
Ginny, THIS is what's going on, don't you get it?
Everyone is who... is in danger, who's near to me. We can't be together,because...
when Voldemort is back - which he is -
you're in mortal peril, don't you get it? It's like the Spiderman movie haven't you seen that?
MJ and Peter Parker can't  be together.
But the whole point of  Spiderman two was that MJ und Peter Parker could be together in the end!
Yeah, I know, but the point of Spiderman three is everything sucks and it falls to shit!
Ginny, what I'm trying to say is,
I don't want my life to be like Spiderman three, I hated that movie!
I'm sorry, it's just...  that's my little way of saying, well
we can't be together.
I'm sorry, Ginny.
I'm such an idiot!
I need a... I need a Butterbeer...!
Hey! Pst! Potter...!
Hey! It's me!
Who are you?
It's Dumbledore!
Listen Harry, I've got some very important things, I got to tell you!
Oh, about Voldemort?
Yes! Things that are absolutely crucial for you to know, but I can't get into it right now...
You need to meet me in my inner office at ten o'clock. And come by yourself!
Bring that...ah - invisibility-cloak of yours and don't go blabbing your mouth about this to anyone else!
Voldemort has spies that could be anywhere, even inside of Hogwarts!
From now on the only person you can trust, Harry, is me and Severus Snape.
Listen Dumbledore, I know you don't wanna hear this,...
but I am not so sure about... Snape...
I think, no, I'm pretty sure, he's working fo Voldemort...
What?!? That's stupid! YOU're stupid!
No, no! I'm positive, that night in the graveyard some Deatheater cuts off his hand,
and Snape...[???]...
Oh ...[???]... Snape has assured me that he lost his hand in an entirely unrelated incident.
Dumbledore, why do you trust Snape so much?
Because I love him!
Professor, I...
Quiet! I don't want to hear anything else about it!
There's no way, that Severus Snape is, was or ever shall be a servant of Voldemort!
﻿
All hail, Voldemoooort!
Severus Snape, what are you doing here?
Got tired of being on Dumbledores lap?
I ought to Jelly-legs-jinx you right now, traitor!
Don't be goofy with me! I need to see Voldemort.
How do we know this isn't some Order of the Phoenix practical joke?
I thought you deserted the deatheaters when the dark lord lost his body.
Or were you always a spy for Dumblebore...
Slumbersnore!
Bumblesore!
I heard you had your dark mark laser surgically removed.
Oh! Well, if you two know soooo much about me, you should write a bioooography!
Snape, the double agent!
That's right!
I've always been a servant of Voldemort.
I've simply been working undercover finding out valuable informations
such as the inner workings of Hogwarts,
the roster of the Order of the Phoenix,
and finding out exactly what a true Hufflepuff is anyway...
I've seen things, no Slytherin should see.
So if you're done putting each others feet in each others mouths:
I would like to see my master!
Of course. Right away, Severus.
Good. I'll be in the drawing room.
Painting a picture of the stupid looks on your faces...
Then, after sneaking into the department of mysteries,
we'll enchant the...
Excuse me...!
Wooooooooh!Woooh!
WOHOHO! EXCUSE ME!
I was in the middle of plotting! ...
Where was I?
The statues will occupy the guards in the the main Lobby, while you and I sneak into the ministers office,
where you will be ONE killing curse away from complete control of the entire wizarding world!
How does that sound, my Lord?
My Lord?
Voldemort...?
Ah...yeah!
Gringots! That's great! That's great...
Polyjuicepotion, always very classic....
I'm sorry, what were we talking about?
Did you hear ANYTHING of my evil plan?
Well, ahm...
the details are a little fuzzy, but...ah, but you did have a very evil tone...
He's all yours!
What, wha... Bellatrix, come back!
No! It's...do...co...don't be like this... (sigh)
Now TWO people are mad at me...
What?
Sir, Severus Snape is at the door and [???] access to you.
Severus Snape?!?
See him in.
Is that a new body, my Lord? You look absolutely ravishing!
Severus...!
For such a super secret spy you're a terrible liar.
I'm a wrack!
You'd better have some good news.
My Lord, you know how for years we were trying to get deatheaters...
Aah!Aah!
For years we've been trying to sneak deatheaters onto the grounds of Hogwarts.
Well, I think I finally discovered a way how.
Well, by all means, Snape, tell me!
I can't.
Can't? Tease! Why not?
I made an unbreakable vow not to let any deatheaters in...
Unbreakable vows! I hate those...
I know... but I had to do it to convince Dumbledore of my loyalty.
Yes, Snape, I understand...
but if you can't help me, what do you propose we'd do?
Well, I can't tell you,
but I've brought along someone who can!
All hail Lord Voldemort!
Lucius Malloys boy???
[Voldemort] Are you serious?
Draco Malfoy! Malfoy...
Help from a child! You've got to be kidding me!
Don't make me laugh, I'm pissing!
If this homemade dark mark won't convince you, ...
...then at least hear me out!
Okay. Okay. Okay!
How do you propose you get MY deatheaters into your little daycare center?
And don't... and don't suggest a giant slide!
Or a  Trampoline!
'Cause we've already tried those....
The vents!
Your deatheaters shall enter through the ventilation system of Hogwarts!
Ah, the vents...
Uhm... How do we find these vents?
Well, I'll tell you how to get to the vents.
But first...
...we discuss the subject of payment!
Ah, the catch!
There's always a catch!
There's nothing in this world so cruel and demanding as the soul of a child...
What do you want, Malloy?
I want:
A galaxy traversing rocket-ship with enough fuel to get me to MARS!
What do you want with a rocket-ship?
What business do you have on mars?
Well, let's just say:
Pigfarts - Pigfarts - here I come.
Pigfarts - Pigfarts - yum, yum, yum...
No...no...no...no...no!
with all due respect, my Lord:
There's one tiny flaw in this flawless plan.
Albus Dumbledore!
Arrgh,...  you're right, Snape!
(sigh)
Normally I'd say: 'I'll kill him!', but I...
...I haven't been feeling so evil lately...
So here is how it's gonna break down, Milfoy.
I need your guarantee, ...
...that you'll lead my detheaters into Hogwarts.
I'll simultaneously be attacking the ministry of magic.
Now I need you to PROMISE, ...
that by the end of the siege of Hogwarts Dumbledore will be dead, ...
... leave Harry Potter for me!
But Dumbledore - must die!
Do we have a deal?
We shall shake on it.
An unbreakable vow!
By the end of tomorrow night Albus Dumbledore will be dead?
Yes. - And I'll have my rocket-ship?
When the technology is available.
And you'll have to be my slave for a whole day, starting now!
Nooooo!
You litte shit!
You got me!
You got me! Oh, that is so embarrassing!
That's the second time that that's happened!
That's why I hate unbreakable curses!
Oh, there are so many things I'm going to have you do for me!
You're going to - clean my room, ...
and lay-off my nickles, ...
And you'll going to tape 'Wizards of Waverly place' for me.
Oh, I hate tours!
I'll be busy with the murder! Slaaaaaughter!
﻿
Harry, why would Dumbledore wanna meet us so late at night?
Well, he's got some information to tell us about Voldemort. Did you bring the invisibility-cloak?
I have it right here. I...
Okay Harry. This better be good!
I don't have a Snack AND I'm missing  'Wizards of Waverly Place' for this, okay?
So what do we have to do that's so damn...
Oh my God! Thank you.
I love Hogwarts.
Hogwarts is amazing!
You want one?
Yeah!
You know what? I am leaving!
Oh N-n-n-n-no! You're not! No you're not!
Okay, when I said I needed your help I meant the both of you!
So you guys gonna get over these... hurt feelings before something gets hurt, okay?
Come on!
Hello Harry.
Oh, damn it! I told you to come by yourself!
Why d'you have to bring the fatties?
Dumbledore - Ron and Hermione are my best friends!
And if these information is as important as you say,
they have a right to hear it.
Well, I've been wrong before. Get in ya hot legs/grace.
I was talking to Weasley!
Thanks!
Well, sorry the place is such a sty.
OH - MY - GOD!
That it a BOSS Zefron Poster!
It's awesome!
Just the greatest...
...[???]... you have ever seen
And he just seems like...
... a charismatic ... ah... human material.
You think you like him?
Wrong!
'Cause I love him the most.
Harry Potter loves Zac Efron more then anybody else on the planet.
Anyway, no, that's not what we talk about. We talk about Voldemort.
Harry's right. It's not necessarily about Zefron. Everybody knows I like him the most.
But ah,... about the dark Lord:
If you ah... want to defeat this guy you're going to have to know about horcruxes.
 What's - ahm.. What's a horcrux?
A horcrux is one of the most terrifying pieces of magic that a wizard can create.
It's actually when a wizard takes a piece of his soul and puts it into something else.
Why would anybody ever wanna do that?
Harry, if you have a horcrux you can never truly die.
Your body can be dead, but your soul can live on.
Oh, it makes sense now, Harry!
Everyone knows that the night your parents were killed, Voldemort was destroyed.
But somehow he survived.
He must have had a horcrux!
He didn't just have ONE horcrux. He had SIX of 'em!
I've already killed the first fife for you, so don't worry about that.
But you guys have to find the last one with this.
The sword of Godric Gryffindor!
Godric Gryffindor was one of the four founders of Hogwarts.
If anything can destroy a horcrux, that sword is it!
This thing is so damn awesome!
Oh my god. Every wizard should have a sword.
Not these stupid drumsticks! Forget about them!
Okay, you know what Dumbeldore. So we know what a horcrux is,
that's all well and good but how do we find them?
Where are they? Where's the last one?
You'll find them with this.
Woah!
Looks like...
Looks like 'G-Unit' bling, [G-Unit: Gangster Rapper like 50 cent]
But it is actually a horcrux-seeking medallion.
Wait. - That's a horcrux-seeking medallion?
I... that sounds a little to convenient!
Oh, you've a problem with a time-turner not with a horcrux-seeking medallion!
Wait - so if he has this piece of bling, then why are Ron and I even here?
Yeah. Voldemort isn't any of our business!
Hermione Granger:
When one of youz has gotz a problem, that means all three of youz haz gotz a problem!
What would Zac Efron say in time like this?
We're all in this together...!
Anyway. You just gotta..- You gotta find the horcruxes and you gotta destroy them!
It's the only way that you could def-.
...[???]...Guess...Oh - it must be the Death Eaters!
They're coming to kill me... Kids get your beards on!
We don't have any beards!
I thought I told you to bring beards!
What is with the invisibility-cloak?
Oh well, put that on it's not a beard!
Hey, are you Dumbledore?
No no, you see, I've got this beard on!
Well, have you seen him?
Oh... I thought I saw someone over there by that mirror.
But I could just have been imagining what ...[???]...if I looked like without this beard.
Alright. Everybody spread out and look for Dumbledore!
He's gotta be around here somewhere.
Be careful with the Zac Efron Poster - it's an antique!
Why do you care so much about Zefron?
I just appreciate his charms. And hair.
Yeah. But everybody knows, that I like him the best!
What was that?
I wish that I could say, that.. it was me.
Because I feel, that I love Zefron the most.
But it was definitely a voice from within this room.
Is it an invisible man?
Could the predator be in the room? [A movie with Arnold Schwarzenegger]
Begin invisible-man-search!
Alright! It's me! It's Dumbledore!
Dumbledore? Where do you come from?
The man with the beard turned me in.
Now we've got you right where we want you!
Yes. But what I don't understand is how!
We had the help of a man on the inside.
Someone you trusted. Someone you may have even loved!
Slughorn?
Lockhart?
Aberforth, my brother?
No!
It was me!
Malfoy, ya little shit!
That's right, Dumbledore. I betrayed everyone!
And now I'm going to kill you!
Oh no, you're not, Draco. If you were gonna to kill me, you would have done so already!
No, no, no! Not necessarily true!
I just wanted to offer you one more game of connect four before I offed you!
Draco, there are other options.
You know, it is time that you look inside yourself and figured out, what it is that you really want.
I want Hermione Granger - and a rocket-ship.
Then why don't you just take the girl out for a happy meal then go to space-camp.
Come on!
Murder leads to a life of despair and desperation.
I know, you're gonna do the right thing, eh? - Atta boy!
What the devil is going on heeeeere?
Severus, thank you!
We've got Dumbledore cornered!
Well, what are we waiting for?
Kill him! Do it, Draco!
Uh... I... I don't think, I can...!
Coward! 10 points from Gryffindor!
Severus!?!
I don't understand! I gave you my leathermens jacket!
It never fit me.
Why didn't you tell me? I could have shrunk it with magic.
Severus, please! Don't kill me!
Avada Kedavra!
I hate Snape! I hate Snape! I hate Snape! I hate him!
I'm gonna kill him!
It's not your fault, Harry!
No, it IS my fault. Don't you get it? Everybody's dying because of me!
First Cedric, now Dumbledore. I can't do it anymore!
Come on! Let's go to the Burrow!
Ron, don't you get it?
I have to do this by myself. I did it once when I was a baby.
I can't have you guys be near me. ...[???]...risk!
We know, but we don't care about the risk!
No, you don't understand.. You... you have to get away from me!
You can't mean that...!
I do! Just leave me alone!
﻿
Cornelius Fudge, the minister of magic!
I still don't believe you're back...!
Believe this, Fudge:  Avada Kedavra!
Uh! - A heart-attack...surely...
Aaaaaah....
Yes! Yes! The ministry has fallen!
Yes! Now you're the minister... Nay the king of all magic!
Oh, Voldemort... Take me right here! Right now, right here on the ministers desk!
I'm gonna get ya!
I'm gonna get ya!...
Come here, trixie!
Wait!
You wanna try something new?
Oh... some new...!
Get on the desk!
Now sit up - bitch...
Yes, command me, my Lord.
Aaah, mmmmh, that's nice...!
So what do we do now?
Anything we want...
hang out mostly...
we could watch a movie...
how's about  'She's all that'? I've never seen the beginning of it...
Are you feeling okay, my Lord?!!?
Of course I am, Quirrell!
Alright, that's the dozenths time you called me that!!!
No, I ah...
I called you a squirrel!
I called you a squirrel.
No! You're thinking about peon we sent to Azkaban!
He's not a peon!
He's more a man then you'll ever be....
I can't do this.
If I'm going to be evil with all of you, I need to be evil with ALL of you!
Evil with all of me?...Wha...what does that mean...?
I'm all right here...
No! There are pieces of you missing!
Are you talking about my horcruxes???
'Cause if it...If it weren't for those I wouldn't even be here right now...!
I can't remember dad
and I can't remember mom
and aunts and uncle aren't quite the same
but I had him and life seemed fair
yes, I had him he was here
to give me strength, show concern,
ask for nothing in return
say hello, talk me through
do the things that fathers should do.
And I'm missing you
I'm just missing you
There it is, he's gone
and he's hung me out to dry
the joy he said he felt, well,...
I guess it was a lie
but when I had him my life was fine
when I had him he was mine
He'd share his thoughts, be a friend
stick with me until the end
watch a movie, roller-skate
fill the world with fear and hate
And I'm missing you
I'm just missing you
Now I'm all alone
Now you're gone for good
now I'm stuck right here wishing I understood
You gave me hope when my spells weren't right
You gave me someone to hold every night
And I'm missing you
I'm just missing you
and I'm missing you
I'm just missing you
My dark Lord, news from Severus Snape!
Dumbledore's dead and the Dementors have control of the castle.
Hogwarts is yours, my dark Lord!
Aaah! Excellent!
Prepare my flying-machine!
Looks like I'm going back to Hogwarts...!
﻿
Haaaaaaaarryyyyy!
Ginny, what are you doing here? Get out of here!
No, there's no place to go. The Death Eaters are all over the castle!
I know and they are looking for me. And if they find me, they're gonna be with you - you...you...
...you gonna get in trouble. Get out of here!
What you gonna do?
I don't, Ginny! I'm not cut out for these kind of things.
Oh no, you have to do something! I don't know what you can do, but you can do it!
Y..y - you're Harry Potter!
NO!
You're the boy who lived!
No, Ginny! You don't get it!
Will you guys get it! I -
I'm just a twelve year old kid!
Ginny, I'm sorry, but... I'm alone!
It's hopeless, alright?
I've been alone
Surrounded by darkness
I've seen how heartless
The world - can be
I've seen you cry
You felt like it's hopeless
I'll always do my best
To make - you see
That Harry you're not alone
'Cause you're here with me
And nothing's ever gonna take us down, 'cause nothing
Can keep me from loving you
And you know it's true
It don't matter what will come to be
Our love is all we need - to make it through
Now, I know it ain't easy
No it ain't easy
But it ain't hard trying
So hard trying
Every time I see you smiling
And I feel you so close - to me
Tell me
That baby you're not alone
'Cause you're here with me
And nothing is ever gonna bring us down
'Cause nothing can keep me from loving you
And you know it's true
It don't matter what will come to be
Our love is all we need - to make it through
But I'm still in trouble
I trip and stumble - try
To make sense of things sometimes
I look for reasons
But I don't need them
All I need is the look in your eyes
And I realize
Hey Harry
Baby you're not alone
'Cause you're here with me
And nothing is ever gonna take us down
'Cause - nothing can keep me from loving you
And you know it's true
It don't matter what will come to be
Our love is all we need -  to make it through
Guys...
I'm so glad you came back. I'm sorry I shouted.
It don't matter what will come to be.
Our love is all we need
To make it...
To make...
To make...
To make it...
...through
Now that we've got that four-part harmony out of the way,...
...why don't we look for that horcrux?
Yeah, that's true.
Well, it could be anywhere.
If I had a horcrux, I would drop it in the bottom of the ocean.
Or I would put it in the pyramid with king Tut and all of his jewels.
Or I would blast it into space with a monkey, who knew nothing about horcruxes.
Or it could be hidden somewhere around the mundane british countryside.
Our search could [???] months of depressing camping...
...breaking into Gringotts and drinking boatloads of Polyjiuce potion.
Well, the medallion says: that's dump! So we're not gonna to that.
But it does say it's in one convenient place. Get this: Hogwarts!
That's awesome. I love Hogwarts.
And it's even better. It's in Dumbledore's office.
Ah, bitching!
So let's go! - Oh wait a second! Wait a second! Hold the phone!
How did you get here? The Death Eaters are all over Hogwarts.
Oh, I had help.
From whom?
Oh, it's over here...
Malfoy!
Oh, no, no, no! He's really nice now.
Oh, I - I - I just wanted to say, that song you guys sang was really beautiful.
And ah... while - while I was backstage,I was...ahm... working on my [singing].
And I thought, ahm... maybe if I could... maybe I could join you, but you - wrapped it up before I could chime in there.
Maybe if you're - do a reprise, I could have a little - got at it.
And ahm - but as - as Ginny said: I'm really nice now...
...and I just feel awful about what happened.
But, I mean: could you argue that this was my fault?
Absolutely - Yes - Oh yes!
Yeah, that would be a save argument, ah...
But - let me ask you one question:
Do you thing - I'm happy about this?
Oh my god, Malfoy! Just because you're upset doesn't mean you're off the hook.
Yeah, and furthermore: you wanna kick your own ass, or should we do it for you?
Oh...Aaaah...
Well, I guess, if you're - giving me the option, I'll - I'll kick my own ass.
But first, I should teach you how to get into Dumbledores office. It's ironically the same way, the Death Eaters got in.
Okay, alright.W..w...w why don't you boys head off to Dumbledores office, okay?
Ginny and I will... will take the invisibility cloak and ah - we will see if we can contact the order of the phoenix...
...we really haven't seen them the whole play. So...
That's a good plan. Malfoy, don't touch me! Let's get out of here! Let's go!
Ahm...hey! Hey, Hermione! Come here!
Come downstage...
Ah...Listen!...Ah... Shit!... Ah... alright, ah...hey...aaah...
So... I've been acting like a jerkass lately...
you know that...and, aaah...
...and I'm sorry. It's just: seeing you dance with everyone at the Yule Ball just made me kinda jealous, ah...
I was...I was jealous.
You were jealous?
Yeah, that's the third time I say I was jealous...
Oh...Ro...Ro...Ron, we don't really have to talk about this right now!
Well, what if the Death Eaters get us? What if we don't come back? You know?
Don't say that...
Oh, my god...
Oh, no way...
It's blueberry.
Yeah, I can taste that...
Gotta let it settle?
Yeah, yeah.
Oh, spud gum.
Take two, take two...
You chew it...
Awesome!
Let's go kill Voldemort!
﻿
Did you guys see this Zefron Poster?
Yeah, we know, Malfoy...
We know about it...
Listen Malfoy, it's not that big of a deal.
Can we just look for some horcruxes, please?
Roger.
This thing, the pencil is a horcrux?
No. That's no horcrux.
No.
That is a horcrux?
No.
Pack of doughnuts?
No.
Those are Snacks, those are Snacks! Is this a horcrux?
No, it's not.
Aaaaah!This could take forever!
The on... There are so many things in this room.
And the only thing of REAL value:
That Zefron poster.
Wait a second...
No!
You think... no!
No...
Anything related to Zefron could never be anything evil.
Ron! Kill it! Kill it, it's the last horcrux!
Kill it, Ron!
Don't kill it, it's Zefron!
No, Weasley!
Oh no, it's so charismatic...
Don't kill me.
I'm not you enemy...
Potter is the enemy...!
No no no, Harry is my friend...!
You gotta get your head in the game, Weasley!
He will betray you! He will take that which you want the most...
It's a lie, Ron! Don't listen to him, he's lying!
I know your thoughts, Ronald Weasley...
I know, what you truly desire...
Hello, Ron...!
Oh my God, Hermione you lost weight!
That's right! And in shape for Harry Potter.
What?!?
Wait...
That's right! As long as Harry's around you'll always be second best,...
least loved, but if Harry Potter were gone...
then we could be together forever...
Ron, that's not true! It's not true, Ron!
Yeah, Harry is my friend...
But don't you WANT me, Ron?
Yes...
Don't you LOVE me, Ron?
YES!
Then you know, what you gotta do, Ron!
Yes... I must kill Harry...
That's right, Weasley!
No! No! It's a Trick, Ron! Don't listen to her!
Stop it! Listen, Hermione is my best, you're my best friends!
I'd never do anything to hurt you or her!
Lies, Weasley! All lies! You are covered in hell.
Ron, it's not true, you're my best friend...
Kill him....KILL HIM!
NOOOOOOOOO!
Do it again!
If you put some tape on this, it's fine...!
Ron! You had me going there for a minute, buddy.
Oh yeah... sorry about that, pal, it was just...
everything she was saying, you know... It felt like... I couldn't... I don't know...
What?
Even if that's...
how she did feel about you and me...
well, it wouldn't matter...
'cuz you're my best friend.
and I would never... do anything to hurt you...
'cuz I love you!
I love you, too man...
Well... listen, chaps,
as fun as this was, I thought destroying a horcrux would be much harder.
Yeah, me too.
So when you think about it, Horcruxes are just kinda stupid.
Wands down, boys!
How could you idiots get captured? You were invisible!
Sorry...
Do it, Potter, they die!
Well, looks like we got the backs against the wall and nowhere to go.
Put your swords down and the wands!
Ooooh! Look at itty-bitty Harry Potter
giving orders to his itty-bitty diaper friends!
I'm not a Baby! I'm not a  Baby, I'm twelve!...
What the devil is going on heeeeeere?
Wow, Deja vu...
Victory, Snape!
I love it! We have Potter and his friends, AT LAST!
You are a very mean person!
Yeah, Dumbledore trusted you!
Yeah, you are a big, fat traitor, Snape!
Oh! A traitor am I, Potter?
You're exactly right! I am a traitor.
Because I'm about to betraaaaay someone.
Right - now!
Bat Bogey Hex!
No!
Expelliarmus!
Serpensortia!
Aaaaaaah!
My wiener....!
Snape! No!...
Don't even think about it, ...
unless anyone of you wants a snake to the wiener!
Now come on, Potter! Come with me!
Only the dark Lord has reserved the right to kill YOU! Come on!
Kids!
Mom?!?
Mrs.Weasley?
Who the hell are you?
I'm Molly Weasley and those are my kids!
Avada Kedavra!
Aaah! That is not fair!
Die, bitch!
Holy shit!
Mom, you just killed her, I thought you were gonna tuck in her shirt or make her do the dishes !
Stupid Kids!
Desperate times call for desperate measures!
Even the unforgivable can be considered forgivable sometimes.
What are you doing here?
I came here with the Order of the Phoenix.
Lupin, Tonks, Mad eye Moody, Sirius Black and your brother Fred.
Oh, great! Where are they?
They are all dead.
Fred? No!
Anyway, ...
just came here to save your lifes, go back to what you were doing.
Disaparate!
﻿
Snape! Snape! Snape! Snape! ah... Expelliarmus!
Die!
Oh no, Harry, this is not so good! That is a coral snake.
And a coral snake is a highly poisonous snake!
Potter, she's right. It's to late for me now.
Before I go, I need to tell you: There is another horcrux.
How can that be? All six have been destroyed!
No no! There's a seventh!
I really hope it's not an Ashley Tisdale Poster, I can't do that...
Check the medallion!
It doesn't say anything...
Well, give it to Granger!
Wait, but it... it says there's one right here, but I don't understand...
Harry, the night Voldemort killed your parents, ...
he tried to destroy you, but his body was destroyed instead.
when that happened, a part of his soul was blasted away from the whole...
and attached itself...
...to YOU!
Voldemort can never truly die, until all the horcruxes have been destroyed!
But if... if Harry is a  horcrux, I mean ... does Harry have to be...destroyed?
There's got to be another way...!
No. Potter, I'll show you what you need to do.
Watch ... very...carefully...
He... he didn't even do ANYTHING...
That's because he's dead you dumb mother fu...
People of Hogwarts!
My Death Eaters have taken the castle!
And your headmaster Albus Dumbledore is dead!
Continue to resist and you will all be killed one by one.
But - there need not be war between us.
You've all fought so valiantly ...
...and I'm willing to offer you positions in my new world-order
as my slaves... [without loudspeaking...]
Give up now and be forgiven!
I command my Death Eaters to stand down.
Now, Harry Potter, I speak directly to you!
You do not wish for those closest to you to continue to suffer and die on your behave!
You will come face me yourself!
I'll be waiting for you in the forbidden forest for one hour.
At the end of that hour you have not come to face me, have not - turned yourself in- ...
...the battle  recommences.
This time, Potter, I shall enter the fray myself!
And I will fight!
And I will murder every last man, ...
...woman and child, ...
who has tried to conceal you from me!
Voldemort out, bitches!
Okay...Alright guys, don't worry...we... we still have an hour, okay?
We...we...we just need to come up with a plan...
There's no plan, Hermione, I... I know what I have to do.
I ... I have to die...
No, no, no, NO! There's GOT to be another way!
Oh... Ma...may....maybe there's something ah... maybe there's something in this book!
Maybe we could find some sort of enchantment, that will nullify...
No no no, forget about it...! There's only one thing to do...
I have to die!
I love you all...
except you Draco, I can't [peep] stand you.
Goodbye!
Harry...
He's not coming, my Lord...
It seems that way...
Well, Death Eaters: looks like we're going back to seize the castle!
This is what Potter has chosen!
Funny, I... I expected him to...I expected him to come.
Seems I was mistaking!
You weren't!
Harry Potter!
The boy who lived!
Crucio!
Crucio!
Are you not even going to fight back?
You're weak...
weak...
Just -
like -
your -
parents...
They did not deserve to live in this world, in MY world!
Prepare to join them.
Prepare -
to die.
Avada Kedavra!
Yeah - woho - Voldy! Voldy!...You did it, my Lord!
Potter is dead, no one shall ever question your powers again!
Yes...
Doesn't this please you, my Lord?
Yeah...
Yeah, it's great... it's great...
I just thought it might make me feel less empty inside.
Well Death Eaters: ...
We go back to Hogwarts to tell them what has become of their  -
'Hero'!
﻿
Hey, Harry!
Wha... Dumbledore, wha... ?!?
What am I doping here? Where am I? I thought I was dead, I got shocked by Voldemort, I...
Let's just say you're somewhere between our world and the next.
What?!? Did I survive??? What...w...
Not really the first time, Potter.
Take a seat.
Alright...
Harry, have you ever heard of a love - SIT DOWN!
Have you ever heard of a love-shield?
Ah...
No, but it sounds kind of... kind of fruity...
A love-shield is anything but fruity!
It's when somebody loves you so much,that in fact they were ever willing to give their life for you,
that love really becomes a shield which surrounds your body to protect you from any form of dark magic.
So... ...[???]... and me have a love-shield?
Harry, it's time for you to learn all the things you should have known seven years ago...
which really would have helped you along the way.
The love-shield protected you the first time ah, ...
Voldemort accidentally turned you into the seventh horcrux , ...
the one not even he knew about...
...Exactly. And when Voldemort tried killing you this time, ...
That's when I survived the first time.
he was actually unknowingly killing a piece of himself inside of you...
ah... and I've known the whole time!
You knew this the whole time ? You're the best!
Hey! Hey! They don't call me the greatest wizard who ever lived for nothing.
Harry, it's time for you to get your cute little butt back there and fight him as a mortal man!
Except this time, he will be a mortal man, too!
Dumbledore, I care what you're saying. I know what I have to do.
Good boy, good boy!
Hey, before I go, ahm...
Oh yeah!
So you're a clairvoant now, right? You can see the past, the present and the future, all the same time...
Can you tell me how 'Lost' ends? [A series on TV]
Harry, there are some questions that even I can't answer.
Thanks, man!
Hey, no problem. Get out of here!
The door on your left! Yeah.
Are you ready to go, Dumbledore?
Sure am, Rumbleroar!
And you're sure you don't want to let Harry Potter know that you're really still alive?
Oh no, Pigfarts has been a closely guarded secret for thousands of years.
It would be a shame to let the cat out of the bag. No pun intended.
I suppose you're right.
Do you have your space-suit, Dumbledore?
Oh! Thank you for reminding me!
Ready to go, Rumby?
I sure am! To Pigfarts!
RUMBLEROAAAAAAR!!!
People of Hogwarts!
It's me.
Harry Potter is dead!
He was killed while running away, trying to save himself, ...
...while you layed down your lifes for him.
The battle is won!
My Death Eaters outnumber you!
Continue to resist and be slaughtered!
Come out of the castle, ...
... kneel before me, ...
...and you may - be - spared!
Oh shit... Okay... aaaahm...
alright, ah, you guys, you guys barricade the door!
Go with ...with ah...the French ... go, go do it right now!
Ahm... Cho! You...you will see if Neville's dead.
Aaahm... you guys: Ah...Go get Snacks!
Ah shit, we barricaded the door...
Me, I will... I will quit...ah, ...
wow, there's only one thing we need to do. We're gonna fight!
Oh, come on, I'm tired...!
Can't we just be Death Eaters...?
No! No, we can't just be Death Eaters! Okay?
We're gonna fight! Okay?
And we're gonna fight SO HARD, ...
...that we're gonna win!
He thinks that we're finished
He thinks that we're done
He thinks that it's over
His battle is won HA!
He thinks that we're finished
No! but we aren't through
stop and think my friends what would Harry do for you?
Harry never gave up the fight
Harry stood up for what is right
Well, now its our turn
our turn!
make a joyful sound
Voldemort is going down!
We must unite
so we can fight,
turn the battle around
time's running out
it's time to shout:
Voldemort is going down!
Can't you feel a fire burning?
now it's time to be a man!
a great big muscley super big super hot man!
We won't be pushed around anymore!
we'll be a force you can not ignore!
we'll be an army for Dumbledore!
For Dumbledore!
We must unite
so we can fight,
turn the battle around
time's running out
it's time to shout
Voldemort is going down!
Hey Guys! I'm alive!
I'm back. Guys, I know how to defeat Voldemort.
Everybody follow me, okay?
We must unite
so we can fight,
turn the battle around
time's running out
it's time to shout:
Voldemort is  goiiiiiiiiing...
We must unite - so we can fight
Voldemort is going down!
﻿
No! No, no! Cho, come here!
 It's alright. It's alright.
It's okay we barricaded the door, nobody can get through that it's impossible.
That's right. It's impossible. Impossible!
Avada Kedavra!
WHAAAAT?!?
Potter?
How many times do I have to kill you, boy?
Really more then once!
But it's all over Voldemort. 'cuz you can't kill me this time.
Nobody help me!
I gotta do this by myself.
He doesn't mean that! It's not how he operates, is it, boy?
Who're you gonna use as a human shield this time, Potter?
Oh!
Ron!
Nobody! 'cuz this time it's just you and me!
Means all your horcruxes are gone. I destroyed them all.
WHAT?!? Ah...
Even my ZEFRON Poster?!?
Especially the Zefron poster!
No! Curse you, Potter! You'll die for that!
No, I won't.
I won't. Because you can't kill me. And you can't kill any of these people.
What the [peep] are you on about?
You don't learn from your mistakes, do you Voldemort?
I was prepared to die to save these people.
But you didn't!
Yes, but I meant to.
And that's what did it.
I've done, what my mother did for me, for these people.
I've given the magical ...[???].... You can't hurt me or these people ever again.
So what?
Who cares about these children?
It's you I want dead, Potter!
What's to stop you from dying when I strike?
Just one thing...
Think about all the people you've hurt, Voldemort, all the lifes you destroyed.
The people you've s... The people you've killed.
Why don't you try a little slice of remorse pie?
What???
There's got to be ONE person, ...
ONE thing in your life that you miss. That you regret.
Well... maybe there's one...
NO!
There isn't!
The joke's on you, Potter! I don't care about anybody!
I know. That's what makes you such a piece of shit.
'cuz here at Hogwarts we all stick together.
We love one another - we're friends!
My love's protecting these guys - and their love is all I need to protect me from you.
So let's put that theory to the test, Potter!
Avada Kedavra!
Expelliarmus!
Well, chocolate frogs! Harry Potter did it yaw'll!
Wow, wow, wow,wow,..., wow!
Wow, listen! Hey!
I just wanna let you guys know:
That I'm totally cool with it. Go on!
Come here! Let's make out!
Well, Guys... I mean... I guess that ties up all the loose ends!
Yeah. Everything's cool!
Oh, except for the house-cup-tournament.
I found Dumbledores will.
Dumbledores will?
In case of my death, Gryffindor wins the house-cup.
It's also set that Hogwarts goes to Harry Potter, ...
... my Chocolate-factory goes to Charlie [a movie], ....
...and toontown goes to the toons! [Roger Rabbit]
Hey, Guys. Well, I guess all our professors are dead, so...
...butterbeer's on me!
You're free to go.
Thank you.
You know...
while I was devouring every single one of your happy thoughts, ...
they all seemed to be about a certain friend of yours. Care to talk ?
No! No that's behind me now!
Sorry.
Well, did you hear the news?
Voldemort is dead!
Yeah! Good luck getting off this ??? island!
Dead?
Hey, you!
Voldemort, is it - is it really you?
What's left of me.
But I just heard that y...you were
...destroyed?
Yeah.
But Quirrell, there's - there's a part of me,...
that's still here. And I can't go on to the next plain without it.
It's a part of me that can't be destroyed.
Because it's right...
...in...
...here!
In my heart?
So you came back?
I came home.
And you don't want to kill Harry Potter anymore?
No.
No.
Because I learned something when I had my body back, Quirrell.
I learned that life is...really messy.
complicated and... it doesn't turn out the way that you think it will.
and...ahm...
...you think killing people might make them like you, but it doesn't!
It just makes people dead.
I got...I got killed by a two-year-old!
And that's really embarrassing. And ever is this: when you're gonna come back, Voldemort?
When you're gonna take over the world? It's on me. It's all on me!
And I think then by myself:
('cuz no one is there)
And I say to myself:
Maybe with Quirrell things would be okay.
Is 'okay' good?
Quirrell!
Okay is wonderful!
Baby, you're not alone!
'cause you're here with me
...
